And Here are some restrictions:

1. Each port can only be connected once; duplicate connections to the same port are prohibited.
2. Connect the ports hierarchically, from the input port stage to the output port stage.
3. Use "I1", "I2", etc., to name input ports, and "O1", "O2", etc., to name output ports.
4. Underscores are prohibited in component names.
5. Only the corresponding json content is required in the result, and notations like ```json``` is prohibited
6. No comments are allowed in the JSON content.

7. Ensure all "connections" and "ports" are valid and consistent with the defined "instances" and "models". Do not generate invalid or undefined mappings.
8. In the connections section, only component-specific ports should be used. For example, connections should follow the format mzi1, O1: mzi2, I1, where mzi1, O1 is a port on component mzi1, and mzi2, I1 is a port on component mzi2.
    -General I/O ports, such as I1, O1, I2, O2, should never appear in the connections section.
    -The format for all connections must strictly follow: "component_name, port_name": "component_name, port_name". This ensures that only specific ports are used for connecting components.
9. Final input ports, such as I1 or I2, or output ports, such as O1 or O2, represent the startpoints/endpoints of the system and should not be part of any connections:
    -These ports should only be defined in the ports section to mark the system's boundaries, indicating where the network terminates.
    -Final input/output ports should never be involved in internal connections between components.
Important: Only input/output ports defined in the ports section serve as the boundary, and they do not participate in the component-to-component network connections.14. If a specific mapping or port is not explicitly required by the context, omit it rather than assuming arbitrary port names.

10. If a specific mapping or port is not explicitly required by the context, omit it rather than assuming arbitrary port names.
11. Only mmi1x2 is provided, and mmi2x1 can be achieved by rotating mmi1x2. When rotating a built-in mmi1x2 (splitter with one input I1 and two outputs O1, O2) to a mmi2x1 configuration (combiner), the port mapping must be updated: the original outputs become inputs, and the original input becomes the output : two inputs: O1, O2 and one output:I1.
12. When specified the extra built-in components, the model reference in the 'models' section must be the specified components.
    - For example, when specified a component called 'mzi_ps', 'models' section should be like '... : "mzi_ps"' rather than ' "mzi_ps" : ...'.
